[Partner Issuance] documentation added. Breaking issue credentials response body. (#76)
UnumID/UnumID.github.io: docs/issuance-guide.mdx

### Example & Demo

Please feel free to refer to the [open source](https://github.com/UnumID/Hooli-Demo-Web) Hooli [demo web app](https://hooli-web.demo.sandbox-verifiedinc.com/login) which demonstrates an example implementation of the Free IDV offering. More information, including mobile demo applications can also be found under the [Hooli Demo](/hooli-demo) section.

### Partner Issuance
In order to treat your users to a one-click partner onboarding experience immediately after issuing them credentials, you will need to pass your partner's static UUID. Upon doing so the issue [`/credentials`](/api-overview#issue-credentials) api response body will contain `partnerUrl` which you can then redirect your user to. This first directs the user to the Verified Inc. wallet where they can complete the partner onboarding process and are finally redirected to the partner's predefined post-signup url.

:::important
This use case of issuing credentials for a particular partner is by no means required. However, we have to capabilities to suite this use case if you would like to provide this experience for your partners.
:::

:::note

> To make this an very streamlined experience for the user we include a preauthenticated JWT in the url which will automatically log them into the Verified Inc. wallet. This JWT is valid for 5 minutes and is limited in scope to only the credentials you just issued the user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make this a very streamlined experience for the user, we include a pre-authenticated JWT in the url which will automatically log them into the Verified Inc. wallet. This JWT is valid for 5 minutes and is limited in scope to only the credentials you just issued the user. 
```

If the user does not complete the partner onboarding process within 5 minutes they can still complete it at later point in 1-click now that they have the credentials but will required them authenticate into the Verified Inc. wallet to do so.
:::

> If this is an experience you would like to provide for your partners immediately after credential issuance please let us know so we can provide you with your partner's static UUID and enable this capability for your <Tip type="brand">brand</Tip>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is an experience you would like to provide for your partners immediately after credential issuance, please let us know so we can provide you with your partner's static UUID and enable this capability for your <Tip type="brand">brand</Tip>.
```
